ever since I was a young boy growing up
in Brooklyn I have loved
spider-man I read the comics I had the
lunchbox I slept on a spider-man pillow
until I was married I think and now a
dream I had on that pillow is about to
come true because on July 2nd I will be
part of the new spider-man movie thank
you
Marvel is very secretive about the
footage releasing scenes from these
movies birth in this case for some
reason they were ok with me showing this
exclusive extended Excelsior scene from
spider-man far from home
hey Joe picking up hey Peter Park of my
number-one customer for time this week
yeah well you know me I just love dry
cleaning that's what I love about you
Lonnie's Millennials they don't care
about dry cleaning they got washing
machines
it's disgusting quite frankly sad your
stuff here oh that's you right that's me
yes thank you so much oh hey kids listen
it's uh not my business to get into your
personal balls or whatever but uh can I
ask you a question
mmm yeah sure why you get your pajamas
cleaned every two days because I uh I
sweat a lot when I sleep I have a sweaty
syndrome Spacely you're sweaty Betty
that's right that's correct my brother
was like that you know oh yeah she's
like a puddle we slept on bunk beds he
be on top dripping on me all night it's
disgusting it's not good what about the
holes the hole holes it almost looked
like if some kind of a mechanical
octopus arm had taken a chunk out of the
fabric that's easy to explain um it's
the
BOTS moths right anyway I don't see my
mask in here do you have my mask Oh
Connie where's his mask there's a
counter stupid under here all right all
right
oh here we go that's you right that's
Matt's mask mine's the one with the
white oh right right right right
Hido that's Wade's mask white ice honey
it's wage mask okay I don't care
red one will read why die yes that's
right thank you
[Music]
and up all on TV it's got the same goofy
PJs you got he does hey I know what's
going on here you are an influencer what
do you want Instagram a snap face snap
face yeah Gani he's on snap face oh I
like snap face hey give the place a
little plug maybe for sure
absolutely you truly are the best and
most gullible dry cleaner and all of me
that's what they say that's what they
say I'll see you tomorrow Cassie
tomorrow
oh hey tell your buddy banner you get
some bigger pants he's busting through
him like crazy he's pretty angry but
I'll try it's I'm not a miracle worker
yes you are joke see you later thanks
kid
hey Connie let's go in the back and make
love okay go
thanks everybody I'm pretty happy with
myself here thank if you liked that
video click the subscribe button but
only if you're ready for commitment